celerity_parser
    by Alex Young 
    http://github.com/regularfry/celerity_parser

== DESCRIPTION:

A very thin wrapper around HtmlUnit's HTML parser to allow xpath searches of
HTML documents for JRuby. At the moment there's not much here. I don't know yet
whether it's worth expanding the API to a full nokogiri/hpricot-style
implementation.  What's here works for what I need for now.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* Reuses HtmlUnit's parser as wrapped by celerity to provide a stable HTML
* parsing capability.

== SYNOPSIS:

Basic use:

    root_node = CelerityParser.parse(html_content)
    found_elements = root_node.search("//html/head/title")
    found_elements.first.text # => "Html page title"


== REQUIREMENTS:

    $ jruby -S gem install jarib-celerity --source=http://gems.github.com

== INSTALL:

    $ jruby -S gem install celerity_parser --source=http://gems.github.com

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Alex Young

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
